on their plane descent commission to authorize all disciplines
following were used at all
three missiles carry or not invaded the airport
for the first time in France that a club shows all the troubles of the world
to his palmares
the success of a team and its audience
animated by the same passion
the locker room
it's because my country
philippe of the viewer player has suffered the most last night
the bulk carrier on the first he now considers the final mobilize agen
alternate mask of anguished the expression of deliverance to the rhythm
points scored or wasted
five seconds of play
see that the train
go ahead
the game uses the store
but we could be part of it
Bolivian gentleman - solidarity
with 70% are doubly victimized
he led in the final the team
barberot
the flight of the European stock markets the former leader of the blue champions of the
world and that for me it's a mania
a soldier also perished
it's not exactly what these statements want
in all communities around the moon by 2020
with the fervor that allows exceptional moments limoges a principal
processions remained loyal to the airport
4 o'clock in the morning the plane players slide on the tarmac
hundreds maybe thousands of people pile up for us
nine players leaders supporters will be allowed
it is clearly specified
we play it pretends to get up
gold a trophy 2010 reach 9 the cradle of the score
those who suffer
towards the airport
myfils rendezvous with history
it is again the delirium when the gorilla with on board the players
tip his nose on the public pool
five o'clock in the morning we no longer play football but that of limoges
it's already a certainty we do not need more than we did
the echoes
want it